Quote card already looks pretty decent.
I like it.
However what I want to change is the way this offer looks like I want to make it all uppercase let's
say and position on the right and maybe all to change the text color a bit and to do this I'll write
my own style.
We don't have to stick to built in ionic two components and helper directives.
We can always restyle things on our own.
So I'm going to the quotes s.c.s as file as I explained at the end of the last lecture.
This is how you can set up your own styles.
And there I will create my own class which should only apply to the page or to the quotes page to Everetts
nested inside the page called selector.
Here a name at all for an accepted Kelk color to this gray ish color here.
I want to align the text to the right as I said it would be nice to have it transformed to uppercase
does this all normal C S S code here as a side note.
I want to remove any margins and any padding I might have.
And I recognize that there is a typo so transform is the correct name and here of course.
And I also want to have a leading dash.
Now we could do this like this all for.
And then the before pseudos selector.
And that would allow us to say content Dasch like this.
But since we're using s.c.s s and therefore SAS we can use a shortcut which is to use T and sign and
then the pseudos selector and this will basically the end with when it gets compiled to see us as create
dissent next year.
And simply place our set up in there our style.
So it just saved us the extra offer word.
And it's more a c s s s s s s ss more SAS ish.
But of course you can use the normal C S style if you prefer this.
So with this if we have a look at it didn't change right because we're not using the all for class of
course.
So let's go back to the quotes.
Let's go back to this paragraph which outputs our all for name and there I'm going to add the all for
class just like this normal default boring aged female code with that.
Let's go back to here once again.
And this looks much more the way I wanted to look with the leading dash and this light rays look so
that it does not overly The quote content.
Instead this really makes it easy to see the offer but focus on the quote.
I like the look of that card of course.
Feel free to play around with that style to your needs.
Maybe dive into the cart's documentation here to pick another feature which you really want to have
in your card.
Also keep in mind of course that we will come back to elements or two components later in the reps too.
But if you want to play around with it right now go ahead do it now.
I'm going to continue with this app though and I want to work on this favorite button so that we're
actually able to favorite.